README.md, before:

# Mermaid (for Sublime)

**This package is no longer maintained. Please check out any forks or alternatives.**

ST4 has been out for a while now, and it's a paid upgrade. Instead of being lavished on tooling and hobby projects, my coding time (maybe from disinterest) has shrunk to focus on work, where VSCode is used. Code, being free and when run on M1, really makes Sublime not seem worth it. And so, if you installed this package, apologies and thank you!

---

> :tropical_fish: The missing [Sublime Text 3][] package for [Mermaid][].

[Install Mermaid][] from [Package Control][].

- [x] [Flow diagram][] support, with caveats:
  - Inline node definition isn't supported, plus it does not scale well.
  - `style` isn't supported, since `class` (CSS) support is easier.

![screen-shot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/100884/37049332-71bfaabc-2125-11e8-8ec3-0202e925a494.png)

![screen-shot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/100884/37049872-28bf2fe8-2127-11e8-90fa-ff33fab47ed8.png)

```mermaid
graph TB %% tab completion: 'graph'
  ID-1[Node 1] %% tab completion: 'node'
  ID-2>Node 2]
  ID-3(Node 3)
  ID-1---ID-2 %% tab completion: 'link'
  ID-1 --> ID-3
  ID-2--Link between 2 and 3---ID-3
  ID-3-->|Action from 3 to 1|ID-1
  ID-3 -- "Action from 3 to 2. p/w: '_-!#$%^&*+=?,\'" --> ID-2
  %% tab completion: 'class'
  classDef blue fill:#08f,stroke:#008
  class ID-1 blue
  %% tab completion: 'click'
  click ID-1 "https://github.com" "Tooltip text"
  click ID-2 alert "Tooltip for a callback"
  subgraph A subgraph
    ID-4{Node 4}
    ID-5((fa:fa-spinner))
    ID-6["Node 6 (same #quot;shape#quot;)"]
    ID-4-.->ID-5
    ID-5 -. Action from 5 to 4 .-> ID-4
    ID-5==>ID-6
    ID-6 == Action from 6 to 5 ==> ID-5
  end %% tab completion: 'subgraph'
```

- [x] [Sequence diagram][] support

![screen-shot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/100884/37049543-fbfe0d68-2125-11e8-83a7-66fada3c8a49.png)

![screen-shot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/100884/32150208-08c92338-bccd-11e7-8402-284674c0cbb6.png)

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram %% tab completion: 'diagram'
  %% tab completion: 'participant'
  participant A as Alice
  participant B as Bob
  participant C as Carol
  %% tab completion: 'note'
  Note left of A: Alice likes to chat
  %% tab completion: 'msg'
  A->B: Hello Bob, how are you?
  loop Healthcheck
    B->B: Bob checks himself...
  end %% tab completion: 'loop'
  Note over B: Bob whispers when sick
  alt is sick
    B-->A: Not so good :(
  else is well
    B->A: Feeling fresh like a daisy
  end %% tab completion: 'alt'
  opt Extra response
    B->A: You, Alice?
  end %% tab completion: 'opt'
  Note right of C: Carol is the boss
  C->>A: Get back to work!
  loop Every hour
    A->>B: Request 1
    %% tab completion: 'activate'
    activate B
    A-x+B: Request 2
    B--x-A: Response 2
    B-->>A: Response 1
    deactivate B
  end
```

- [x] Preview in browser
  - From the Command Palette: `Mermaid: View In Browser`
  - Defaults to the entire file, unless there is a selection.
  - Configurable settings: `quiet_graph_links`, `theme`.

- [x] Exporting, with caveats:
  - PNG conversion from SVG conflicts with opening file-URL's, so it's a link.
  - Converted SVG may be missing some styling.

- [ ] Gantt diagram support
- [ ] Windows support
- [ ] Linux support

[Sublime Text 3]: http://www.sublimetext.com
[Mermaid]: http://knsv.github.io/mermaid
[Flow diagram]: https://mermaidjs.github.io/flowchart.html
[Sequence diagram]: https://mermaidjs.github.io/sequenceDiagram.html
[Install Mermaid]: https://packagecontrol.io/packages/Mermaid
[Package Control]: https://packagecontrol.io

---

Development:

```sh
# Remove package.
$ my_project_path=~/Projects/sublime-mermaid
$ my_packages_path=~/Library/Application\ Support/Sublime\ Text\ 3/Packages
$ ln -s "$my_project_path" "$my_packages_path/Mermaid"
$ cp "$my_project_path/tests/syntax_test_mermaid.mermaid" "$my_packages_path/Default"
# Develop...
$ rm "$my_packages_path/Default/syntax_test_mermaid.mermaid"
$ rm "$my_packages_path/Mermaid"
# Install package.
```

Commit message:

Replace plugin with build system which uses Mermaid CLI

README.md, after:

# Mermaid (for Sublime)

---

> :tropical_fish: The [Sublime Text][] package for [Mermaid][] diagrams.

[Install Mermaid][] from [Package Control][].

Install [Mermaid CLI][] if you haven't already, and ensure it is on your `PATH`.

![screen-shot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/100884/37049332-71bfaabc-2125-11e8-8ec3-0202e925a494.png)

![screen-shot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/100884/37049872-28bf2fe8-2127-11e8-90fa-ff33fab47ed8.png)

```mermaid
graph TB %% tab completion: 'graph'
  ID-1[Node 1] %% tab completion: 'node'
  ID-2>Node 2]
  ID-3(Node 3)
  ID-1---ID-2 %% tab completion: 'link'
  ID-1 --> ID-3
  ID-2--Link between 2 and 3---ID-3
  ID-3-->|Action from 3 to 1|ID-1
  ID-3 -- "Action from 3 to 2. p/w: '_-!#$%^&*+=?,\'" --> ID-2
  %% tab completion: 'class'
  classDef blue fill:#08f,stroke:#008
  class ID-1 blue
  %% tab completion: 'click'
  click ID-1 "https://github.com" "Tooltip text"
  click ID-2 alert "Tooltip for a callback"
  subgraph A subgraph
    ID-4{Node 4}
    ID-5((fa:fa-spinner))
    ID-6["Node 6 (same #quot;shape#quot;)"]
    ID-4-.->ID-5
    ID-5 -. Action from 5 to 4 .-> ID-4
    ID-5==>ID-6
    ID-6 == Action from 6 to 5 ==> ID-5
  end %% tab completion: 'subgraph'
```

- [x] [Sequence diagram][] support

![screen-shot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/100884/37049543-fbfe0d68-2125-11e8-83a7-66fada3c8a49.png)

![screen-shot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/100884/32150208-08c92338-bccd-11e7-8402-284674c0cbb6.png)

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram %% tab completion: 'diagram'
  %% tab completion: 'participant'
  participant A as Alice
  participant B as Bob
  participant C as Carol
  %% tab completion: 'note'
  Note left of A: Alice likes to chat
  %% tab completion: 'msg'
  A->B: Hello Bob, how are you?
  loop Healthcheck
    B->B: Bob checks himself...
  end %% tab completion: 'loop'
  Note over B: Bob whispers when sick
  alt is sick
    B-->A: Not so good :(
  else is well
    B->A: Feeling fresh like a daisy
  end %% tab completion: 'alt'
  opt Extra response
    B->A: You, Alice?
  end %% tab completion: 'opt'
  Note right of C: Carol is the boss
  C->>A: Get back to work!
  loop Every hour
    A->>B: Request 1
    %% tab completion: 'activate'
    activate B
    A-x+B: Request 2
    B--x-A: Response 2
    B-->>A: Response 1
    deactivate B
  end
```

[Sublime Text]: http://www.sublimetext.com
[Mermaid]: https://mermaid.js.org
[Flow diagram]: https://mermaidjs.github.io/flowchart.html
[Sequence diagram]: https://mermaidjs.github.io/sequenceDiagram.html
[Install Mermaid]: https://packagecontrol.io/packages/Mermaid
[Package Control]: https://packagecontrol.io
[Mermaid CLI]: https://github.com/mermaid-js/mermaid-cli
---

Development:

```sh
# Remove package.
$ my_project_path=~/Projects/sublime-mermaid
$ my_packages_path=~/Library/Application\ Support/Sublime\ Text\ 3/Packages
$ ln -s "$my_project_path" "$my_packages_path/Mermaid"
$ cp "$my_project_path/tests/syntax_test_mermaid.mermaid" "$my_packages_path/Default"
# Develop...
$ rm "$my_packages_path/Default/syntax_test_mermaid.mermaid"
$ rm "$my_packages_path/Mermaid"
# Install package.
```
